# FoodTruckProject


#Description
This Food Truck Project is focused on based on user input for up to 5 different food trucks that includes the following information; the name of the food truck, type of food for the food truck, and a rating of the food truck. The program will automatically fill in a unique "id" that will track, or count, the number of food trucks. The number of food trucks that can be listed is 5 but can hold under that number as well. The user input query of food trucks will end when the boolean start becomes false. There are two conditions this can occur, when the user inputs 'quit' as the name of a food truck OR when the count of trucks = 5. This will kick the program to the next part which will allow access to the user to choose from 4 options; List all food trucks, list the average rating of food trucks, list the highest rated food truck or to quit. The menu option cycles through until the user wants to quit. For the most part, the code is similar for each selection. We will iterate over the array of food trucks we set up and either grab each rating for the average or compare each rating to determine the highest rating among all the food trucks. The FoodTruck class handles all of the getters and setters and will also build each food truck object. Finally it builds the string toString, which is what returns to the user. The FoodTruckApp class contains the main to run the app and all the methods that will perform each feature.

#Technologies Used
 Other than the given, being a food truck rating app, this is similar technology to places like yelp and even reminds me of the Black Mirror episode where people had actually ratings. This app is extremely limited by the number of trucks that it can hold, 5, but can be adapted to handle a much larger quality. This basic rating app could also be used in companies in order to determine employee performance, this could aid HR in determining who should get a promotion based on their rating or whom may need to be on a performance improvement plan.


#What I learned
This project has primarily set up of a lot of difference labs we have seen so far. I found myself pretty lost when looking at the big picture as a whole and saw success when I started breaking down each step into methods. I also found success by building the basic structure of the code and no necessarily every detail in the beginning, example, the while loops, user inputs and switch cases helped organize what I was actually wanting to accomplish with the app. I am still wrapping my head around private versus public and static versus non-static and I believe this project was set up in the way I was asked to set it up. I'm confident the app will work on the parameters set, but I am a little unsure it meets the requirements of static and private. 
